Universal Verification Methodology 
(UVM) 1.0 Class Reference

May 2010

Copyright© 2010 Accellera. All rights reserved.

Notices

Accellera Standards documents are developed within Accellera and the Technical Committees of Accellera 
Organization, Inc. Accellera develops its standards through a consensus development process, approved by 
its members and board of directors, which brings together volunteers representing varied viewpoints and 
interests to achieve the final product. Volunteers are not necessarily members of Accellera and serve without 
compensation. While Accellera administers the process and establishes rules to promote fairness in the con-
sensus development process, Accellera does not independently evaluate, test, or verify the accuracy of any 
of the information contained in its standards.

Use of an Accellera Standard is wholly voluntary. Accellera disclaims liability for any personal injury, prop-
erty or other damage, of any nature whatsoever, whether special, indirect, consequential, or compensatory, 
directly or indirectly resulting from the publication, use of, or reliance upon this, or any other Accellera 
Standard document.

Accellera does not warrant or represent the accuracy or content of the material contained herein, and 
expressly disclaims any express or implied warranty, including any implied warranty of merchantability or 
suitability for a specific purpose, or that the use of the material contained herein is free from patent infringe-
ment. Accellera Standards documents are supplied “AS IS.”

The existence of an Accellera Standard does not imply that there are no other ways to produce, test, measure, 
purchase, market, or provide other goods and services related to the scope of an Accellera Standard. Further-
more, the viewpoint expressed at the time a standard is approved and issued is subject to change due to 
developments in the state of the art and comments received from users of the standard. Every Accellera 
Standard is subjected to review periodically for revision and update. Users are cautioned to check to deter-
mine that they have the latest edition of any Accellera Standard.

In publishing and making this document available, Accellera is not suggesting or rendering professional or 
other services for, or on behalf of, any person or entity. Nor is Accellera undertaking to perform any duty 
owed by any other person or entity to another. Any person utilizing this, and any other Accellera Standards 
document, should rely upon the advice of a competent professional in determining the exercise of reasonable 
care in any given circumstances.

Interpretations: Occasionally questions may arise regarding the meaning of portions of standards as they 
relate to specific applications. When the need for interpretations is brought to the attention of Accellera, 
Accellera will initiate action to prepare appropriate responses. Since Accellera Standards represent a consen-
sus of concerned interests, it is important to ensure that any interpretation has also received the concurrence 
of a balance of interests. For this reason, Accellera and the members of its Technical Committees are not 
able to provide an instant response to interpretation requests except in those cases where the matter has pre-
viously received formal consideration.

Comments for revision of Accellera Standards are welcome from any interested party, regardless of mem-
bership affiliation with Accellera. Suggestions for changes in documents should be in the form of a proposed 
change of text, together with appropriate supporting comments. Comments on standards and requests for 
interpretations should be addressed to:

	Accellera Organization
	1370 Trancas Street #163
	Napa, CA 94558
	USA

Note: Attention is called to the possibility that implementation of this standard may require use of 
subject matter covered by patent rights. By publication of this standard, no position is taken with 
respect to the existence or validity of any patent rights in connection therewith. Accellera shall not 
be responsible for identifying patents for which a license may be required by an Accellera standard 
or for conducting inquiries into the legal validity or scope of those patents that are brought to its 
attention.

Accellera is the sole entity that may authorize the use of Accellera-owned certification marks and/or trade-
marks to indicate compliance with the materials set forth herein.

Authorization to photocopy portions of any individual standard for internal or personal use must be granted 
by Accellera Organization, Inc., provided that permission is obtained from and any required fee is paid to 
Accellera. To arrange for authorization please contact Lynn Horobin, Accellera, 1370 Trancas Street #163, 
Napa, CA 94558, phone (707) 251-9977, e-mail lynn@accellera.org. Permission to photocopy portions of 
any individual standard for educational classroom use can also be obtained from Accellera.

Suggestions for improvements to the UVM EA 1.0 Class Reference are welcome. They should be sent to the 
VIP email reflector ~vip-tc@lists.accellera.org~

The current Working Group’s website address is ~www.accellera.org/activities/vip~

